From: Bruno Salvy <Bruno.Salvy@inria.fr>
Date: Fri, 10 Oct 2003 09:52:27 +0200 (MEST)
To: Michael Cherkassoff <mcherkas@maplesoft.com>
Cc: jgerhard@maplesoft.com, lbernard@maplesoft.com, mikec@maplesoft.com
Subject: Conference minutes

Updated version:

J: The goal of the conference is an update on the status of INRIA
projects - mainly New Series.

B: Started replacing limit, asympt and series by new ones approximately
3 weeks ago the tests have been run.

   limit - now has 183 test failures

   asympt - weaknesses are the same as in limit, so shouldn't be hard to fix
   (will be fixed simultaneously).

   series - 466 test failures - series is most delicate of the three,
   it is used in collect and there is an interaction with type/series.
   The tests for series have been run for the first time last
   Tuesday. Very many new problems came from
       . order infinity not supported (used in collect);
       . series not accepted as input.
   Those 2 problems have been fixed. We couldn't run the tests
   yesterday (smaple broken). Will do today.

   There were problems with branch cuts that have been solved for the most
   important cases - log and power.

   The remaining work can be categorized as follows:
       . support for missing functions:
	   - Jurgen has written a first version of Zeta. Comments by
	     BS will follow.
	   - Ha is working on floor, ceil etc.
	   - Most holonomic functions (Bessel) are done, but we still
	     need to work on (i) special cases of the indices (like
	     Bessel with half-integers); (ii) branch cuts for
	     holonomic functions. Ludovic is working on that.
	   - RootOf more delicate. B is working on it.
	   - sum/int are being worked on by Alexandre.
	   - others will be done as time permits, but we are now using
	     the old series/... as a temporary help.
	. performance issues with evalf/int (will be checked later);
        . various other problems and bugs that will have to be solved.

   B is optimistic that in 3 weeks most of the problems will be resolved.

   No kernel support for print/newseries  - has to convert to sum, but
   this presents ordering problems.

L: Juergen to talk to Paul D.

   Test Failures is the Phase One. Phase Two is reducing bug count

J: Is reducing the bug count a requirement for acceptance the code for Hydra?

B: The bug count will go down naturally.

L: Frederic may have an access to PVCS.

J: Meet again in the end of October/beginning of November. Date TBD by email

   OreTools merge with OreAlgebra is not to be done in time and punted to
   Iguana.

   B will ask Frederic if he can assess ToricIdealBasis from Karin
   Gaterman soon.

